there is a scaling strategy that lets
you get hundreds or quite literally even
thousands of clients without losing any
money at all and the strategy is called
self-liquidation and as you could see in
this screenshot right here from January
29th to February 28th I was able to do
$1.17 million so what I'm doing in this
video is going to explain to you guys
how to make a million dollars per month
with self-liquidating funnels now you're
probably not going to make a million
dollars a month but the the premise
stands that this is one of the most
powerful strategies of all time so it's
all about acquiring clients at instant
Break Even cash flow positive rates that
enable unlimited scaling so you don't
need to go take out debt financing or go
raise funds to grow your business you
just self liquidate on the acquisition
of customers and that allows you to
scale the company if you don't know who
I am my name is Daniel fio I'm the
co-founder of client Ascension which is
a coaching company list kit which is a
SAS company and just for transparency
here about 70% of this $1.1 million is
SAS so not coaching right so just for
the kind of people selling done for you
offers like actual real businesses and
not just running coaching businesses
just want to make that very clear and
this video is the second video in my
playlist called hyper growth tactics so
if you're interested in seeing the first
one and all the future ones go to my
channel just go to the playlist and look
up hyper growth tactics and you're going
to see really long in-depth videos that
go into these Advanced strategies so
here's what we're going to go over today
the CAC LTV ratio that makes this model
actually work offers and funnel
structures to use to make this work how
exactly to Market and get clients with
this model and how to execute operation
hyperscale so this is what we're doing
in our companies right now this whole
self- liquidation strategy going to walk
you through exactly how to implement it
yourself so that you too also can
acquire clients at instant Break Even
cash flow positive rat that enable
unlimited scaling so if you're
interested in that pay attention take
notes or you can leave this video onto
the background but let's get straight
into part one which is understanding CAC
to LTV math so let's talk about the math
that makes or breaks your literal entire
company so CAC is your cost to acquire
custom customer and LTV is your lifetime
value so LTV is the total amount of
money you'll make from a customer
considering churn upsells down sells and
cross selles averaged out across all
paying customers so you might have a
situation where you've signed a bunch of
clients and some clients stay for 2
months some clients stay for 12 months
you have to take all of them you
consider absolutely every singular
variable at all ever average it out
that's your LTB because that just is
reality right and then CAC is how much
money you spend to acquire the customer
with their Associated LTV so if you make
more money from customer LTV then you
pay to acquire them CA then you make
money full stop this is how it works
this just is how reality works right so
however the math of this needs to be
designed in a cash flow positive manner
because if you are acquire customers for
more money then the amount that they pay
you immediately this results in negative
cash flow so you might see something
like well why do some companies go raise
a bunch of VC funding and like what
they're doing you have to imagine is
that let's say that they're selling like
a $300 a month subscription and then
they pay like $1,200 to acquire a
customer so what happens is it takes
them four or five months to actually
even make the money back at all that
they already spent and it's a negative
cash flow you see it takes a while for
it to recoup back but if you don't have
VC funding or millions of dollars to
execute on this you need to make the
money back immediately you need to pay
$2,000 right now and immediately make
the 2,000 back so that your cash flow
doesn't go negative that's what this
strategy is all about that's what I'm
teaching you today and how to execute
that so that you don't have negative
cash flow right so you want to spend
$2,000 immediately get back at least
$2,000 and then realize your profit in
the following months so this is a visual
of how exactly this works so in a
negative cash flow would be so right
here on the y- axis you have cash flow
and then on the x axis you have time in
months so for instance right here let's
say you acquire a customer for $2,000
but you're only charging $1,000 a month
so month one now you're at negative
1,000 and then month two now you're at
break even month three is when you're in
profit month four is in you're is when
you're in profit that's negative cas
flow though you can't scale that
unlimitedly so in a self-liquidating
cash flow model what you have here is
that you pay $2,000 to acquire a
customer to immediately make back $2,000
and then immediately month one is the
profit you see what I mean that's the
differential between these if you
immediately make your money back it is
substantially easier to scale it makes
literally everything so much easier so
there's a payback period that must
elapse so for instance let's say you
charge $1,000 per month but your CAC is
$2,000 so you pay $2,000 immediately and
get $1,000 back you have to wait all the
way to the second month just to break
even and then another month to even
start realizing profit this is an issue
because your cash flow is negative which
means your growth is too slow so the
ideal situation is that you immediately
make all your money back for instance
you pay $2,000 to acquire customer you
are immediately paid $2,000 or more by
the customer this is what
self-liquidation is defined as what you
are doing the entire premise of it you
are acquiring paying customers for 0 I'm
going to get more into this theory in a
little bit let me show you how we think
about this at our company so we spend
about $6,000 to $8,000 per day in ads
and our cost for qualified call is
around $300 $350 with the 60% show rate
that's about $500 to $600 per qualified
live call we close about 25 to 30% of
those calls so our customer acquisition
cost is approximately $2,000 to $2500
now here's where it gets interesting
because our average initial order value
is about $2,500 so we break even on the
acquisition of a customer but here's the
magic right our clients pay a monthly
subscription after that with the 95%
retention rate month over month the
actual LV of the client is massive so
the second month is where we start
making profit by month three we're in
significant profit territory right so
this is the fundamental math the most
offer owners miss you need to think
about what's the initial CAC like what
does it cost you to acquire a customer
and then the initial AO what's the
average order value what do they pay you
upfront immediately on day one and then
retention rate how long do they stay
because this influences LTV and then the
monthly value what do they pay you each
month cuz that also influences LTV and
aov so if your initial aov your average
order value is greater than or equal to
CAC you have a self-liquidating funnel
and everything after this is profit so
you need to be concerned with two things
two things need to be severely concerned
with are you acquiring customers at a
break even or positive cash flow so that
you are not cash flow negative and is
your lifetime value of a customer high
enough to actually make substantial
profit in your business at all see what
I mean so this is the fundamental math
right so a successful business say you
have a CAC of $2,000 and LTV of $166,000
that would mean you have LTV to CAC
ratio of 8 to1 and your profit per
customer is $14,000 What in influences
LTV Revenue per sale purchase frequency
customer lifespan referral value and
profit margin a failed business would
have a cack of 3,000 LTV of 2000 so it'
be 67 to1 so you'd be losing 33 cents
for every dollar you spent so what are
the components of that marketing cost
sales team commissions advertising costs
onboarding like fulfillment cost right
so let's walk through this right here is
a CA to LTV ratio calcul so this is just
simulating it out if you were spending
on ads yo real quick if you want my
personal help building and launching
your funnel so you can add $1 20
$330,000 per month a new business every
single month automated completely with
ads I can help you launch your funnel
personally so what's that include your
offer funnel vssl ads sales team and
fulfillment team exactly everything that
we did to get to 1.2 million a month
it's the first link in the description
click that watch that video over there
once you're done with this YouTube video
I see you over there real quick I'm just
going to go through this so you were
spending $30,000 per month on ads and
your cost per qualified live call is
$350 and your close rate is 25% what
that would mean is that over 30 grand of
AD spend you would get 86 calls close 21
and have a $1,400 C and then let's say
your average revenue per customer is
$3,000 per month and then let's also say
that you have a 70% gross margin per
customer and a monthly churn rate of 14%
what this would mean is that your
customer LTV is
2,429 but your lifetime gross profit per
customer is 15,000 so the ratio of this
CAC to the lifetime gross profit is 10.7
and what that means is that if you spend
$30 ,000 you will realize
$291,400 that pay for themselves how do
we even design the offer that self-
liquidates and I'm going to walk you
through some examples and exactly how to
execute yourself so so let's talk about
how to actually design the offer so the
first principle is understanding what
cold traffic actually buys versus what
your existing clients are warning warm
traffic buy this is crucial what cold
traffic buys is not what warm traffic
buys very clear distinction that needs
to be made here we need a proven
frontend cold traffic offer that is
actively being purchased in the market
right now I I need to read this a second
time so you like fully ingrain what I'm
saying here this is the number one most
massive mistake when people try to do
this a proven frontend offer that is so
to cold traffic that is actively being
purchased in the market right now not a
warm traffic offer I'm going to go
through some examples in this in a
second to make sure you don't make this
mistake if you want to go extremely
in-depth on this go to my channel and
watch the video how to scale an agency
offer to 100K a month free course go
watch that video that's also in the hyp
growth tactics playlist it was the first
one so that's where I fully talk about
designing an offer for cold traffic but
a quick synopsis of what exactly you
need to do pick something that's already
selling do not make it up it must
already have active proven market demand
this is going to save you tens of
thousands of dollars in months of your
life make it deliver a clear concrete
quantifiable result have a clear value
proposition as to why you're different
price it appropriately for your level of
Market Authority if you have low
Authority use a more aggressive
guarantee in the offer to compensate for
your low Authority and then make it a
new opportunity for the client not
something that improves something you're
already doing you want to start
something new for them that's how you
want it to be positioned as a new
opportunity for them to begin working
with you right so here's some examples
front-end offer need to be simple
specific and solve an immed pay Point
examples we'll set up a cold email
system for your business at books calls
we'll build you a webinar funnel I'll
set up your Google ads account for a
onetime payment here's some pricing
structures that work onetime payment and
then manually upsell them into a
retainer later on after the setup has
been completed monthly Tech fee plus
performance like $500 a month Tech fee
plus payer call or setup fee plus
immediate subscription what you lose
here is being able to say the phrase
onetime payment in your marketing which
is a huge value proposition but it makes
the upsell process substantially easier
it's a tradeoff so one thing that trips
people up is trying to jam too many
services into one offer so if you look
at the most successful agencies they
have one clear frontend offer it's very
distinct what their front-end offer is
versus things that are upsold and cross
sell to already active paying customers
right they might have 8 to 10 Services
they can provide they're cross AO and
upso to already active clients but they
are only actively promoting one to two
to cold traffic right it's about what
cold traffic buys why do you have to do
this because cold traffic doesn't know
you they're skeptical they need a low
commitment way to work with you before
they trust you with everything so here's
what's working right now in the front
end like substantially well onetime
setups why because it's low barrier low
risk low commitment and fast that's what
you're trying to do with your with your
frontend cold traffic offer it needs to
be low barrier low risk low commitment
and fast right again just to reiterate
this so you fully understand the premise
of this business model cold traffic is
not just going to magically pay you to
take over integral aspects of their
business right I'll do this for you and
this for you and this for you and this
they don't know you right this is the
equivalent of asking girls to marry you
before you take them out on a date it's
weird creepy desperate it doesn't work
right low barrier low risk low
commitment and fast right take them out
on a date onetime payment setup offer
first before asking them to marry you
retainer see what I mean so retainers
Consulting multi-month packages all come
after the client has already gotten
results with you these are upsells not
cold traffic front-end offers remember
your front-end offer is not your
business model mod it's the gateway to
your business model so this whole front
end this whole low barrier low risk low
commitment fast onetime setup type offer
is specifically and only used to self
liquidate your cost to acquire a
customer and then you sell them stuff
later on that's it that's this model
right this is not your whole business
just needs to be very clear right so
you're simply trying to self- liquidate
your marketing spend and acquire the
maximum amount of buyers as is
conceivably possible why is this
important to understand because the
value of a buyer is 100 times to 1,000
times more valuable than a lead so
you're going to see this a lot as you go
about your life and consume marketing
materials from people don't actually
make any money so what you're going to
see is people brag about their low lead
cost you to understand there's a vanity
metric the lifetime value of a lead AKA
somebody who just gives you their email
and phone number might be $3 right if
the lead cost is $3 then the CAC is
equal to the LTV and it's completely
useless see what I mean you have to
remember this phrase grin this buyers
are buyers are buyers are buyers what
does that mean it means that buyers
continue buying and then non- buyers are
non buyers who do not buy that means
people who don't buy stuff continue to
not buy stuff and people who buy stuff
continue to buy stuff you see what it
means if you're just getting leads with
a bunch of AD spend they don't buy stuff
and they will continue to not buy stuff
if you get buyers they buy something and
prove that they're a buyer and then they
continue to buy things this is just how
the world works it just is people who do
not buy continue to not buy people who
do buy continue to buy so therefore the
entire premise of the system is for you
to acquire the maximum amount of buyers
at a $0 loss as the probability that
they continue to spend money is
mathematically certain they will
continue to buy they literally will like
100% of the time so let's walk through
some funnel types so if you're agency or
SAS business one time setup offers the r
vsl funnel if SAS make the subscription
Auto renew so a smaller subscription if
agency manually upsell clients higher
price retainers so multiple thousands
instead of multiple hundreds if you're a
coaching or info business do a low
ticket course or Challenge and then
nurture buyers in a group of content
then upsell higher ticket coaching right
so you might ask something like well
what about webinars let's go back to the
core integral premise again of this
system I personally found webinars to
only really work for me on cold traffic
to promote a webinar to cold traffic
with ads is extremely difficult to
convert the other problem with it is
that they don't self liquidate because
it's free to register right so again a
webinar is free to register to what does
that mean it's not a buyer so it's
substantially harder you see what I mean
so this is why I like challenges where
it's a paid off right so you make the
actual contents of the challenge
valuable and then you just upsell the
people who specifically indicate they do
want to pay you for more help right
webinars free reg register too a
challenge you have to pay for and if
someone pays for a challenge they've
therefore indicated that they're a buyer
and their LTV is literally 100 times
more than the people who just get a free
webinar this is what you got to
understand it's so important cu the [__]
works so well like if you just do what
I'm saying like it's just insane how
much easier your life really becomes
when you like fully executed like this
so again main focus here acquire buyers
for a z loss right do this do this at
the maximum scale conceivably possible
like literally think of this get 1,000
people who have paid you any amount of
money at all while incurring Z doar of
loss that's what you're trying to do
just get 1,000 people who have paid you
any amount of money at all and it will
be severely actively difficult to [__]
this up actually and I'm going to
explain how just a little bit in this
video it is functionally impossible that
you do not profit on this you're are
more like ly to get struck by lightning
three times than have this not work
people who buy things continue to buy
things at a rate 1,000 times higher than
the general public it's very simple and
you have to fully ingrain this right
sell them one thing lose 0 and then sell
them more things after that it's really
that simple like just do that so let's
get into part three capital efficient
marketing this is how to get buyers at a
zll loss once you have an offer that can
self liquidate you need to get in front
of the right people but most agency
owners make critical mistakes here too
first let's talk about what not to do so
don't spread yourself across 10
different marketing channels when
starting like if you haven't taken
something to multiple hundreds of
thousand doar per month or a million a
month like you're a beginner maybe low
intermediate like it's too difficult to
try and do this at once like you just
got to pick one of these and only do
that until you until you really figure
it out don't try to sell eight different
offers on the front end at once take
them one at a time and build systems
around them so it might be like each
each one you launch and each marketing
CH might be multiple months of work you
see what I mean don't ever promote lead
magnets when selling to cold traffic
right instead identify which acquisition
channels work for your your specific
financial situation right so here's how
we break it down you got cold Outreach
paid ads and content marketing let's go
through these cold Outreach is great
when you have no or low budget it works
well for high ticket specialized
Services best for B2B and extremely
specific messaging is crucial right so
paid ads requires a budget of at least
$200 a day like that's the absolute bare
minimum and I'm going to get into this
later in the video explaining why this
is but if you try to get paid ads and
spend less than $200 a day it's
literally actively completely useless
like completely useless don't even
bother right so high risk for proven
offers low risk for proven offers you
need solid filtering to remove the poor
people from your funnel so they aren't
allowed to book calls and you don't
train the pixel to find more poor people
this is super important and I might get
into this in future videos so subscribe
if you want to see them but you need to
actively run defense against poor people
and not train your pixel to find poor
people you need to filter people out and
not let them book calls right you must
have a vsl that reveals pricing
qualifies prospects this revealing
pricing in a vssl single-handedly was
one of the determining factors what
allowed us to like really actually scale
it made everybody's life so much easier
it made the prospect's life easier it
made our sales people's life easier I
such a fan of revealing prices now it's
it's actually so much better to B2B
specifically if it's more B Toc you
might want to conceal prices but if it's
B2B show the price actually this leads
to substantially higher close rates and
less Sal steam chur um people only show
up to the calls they know the price
right sales people aren't talking to
poor people they therefore turn less and
they stay longer so it makes sales team
management substantially easier too all
right content marketing so it's slower
but builds Authority it amplifies the
effectiveness of other channels YouTube
is the one you want to focus on
specifically for B2B and then most
videos should have a lead magnet because
lead magnets only work on on warm
traffic all right so you know how I said
over here don't ever promote lead
magnets when selling to cold traffic
only do lead magnets when you're selling
to warm traffic right okay so let's walk
through finding CAC so massive mistake
is thinking free marketing doesn't have
CAC I tell you to do cold Outreach which
takes your time and content marketing
which takes your time and you're
thinking it's free the go it just takes
my time right I just post content I do
call callon that doesn't cost money yes
it does it costs labor and to scale it
you must replicate labor which costs
money you need to hire other people to
do it for you you need to replicate
yourself that's money right time is
money same thing so here's a real
conversation I had with a student of
mine with actual numbers he gave me on a
call this is real I didn't make this
[__] up this is literally what he
reported to me so cold calling is
working for them he wants to scale it so
meetings booked via cold calling last
month was 20 the show rate was 12 out of
20 so it's a 60% show up rate he closed
one person out of the 12 that's a 8.3%
close rate he was selling an $800 a
month offer and it cost him $800 to do
the cold calling so that's to employe
cold caller on a performance basis of
$400 a book call and the outcome was
that he self- liquidated cool so he
self-reported that the leads are
significantly lower quality than his
cold Ells they make less money and
therefore can't afford to buy higher
price services this also leads to them
closing at a significantly lower rate so
88.3% it's pretty low but they still
self- liquidated so how do we scale this
this literally is by this definition
this is a good marketing channel for him
it is it's self- liquidated it is good
scale it right so how do we scale this
this is the core premise of his problem
I was trying to relay to him so let's
say hiring SDR for 4 hours a day let's
say the all-in cost software everything
is $1,300 a month expected dollars are
5,000 per month projected meetings 25 to
30 per month the expected show rate is
60% the expected show calls is 15 to 18
so projected close rate is 2 to three
clients per month that's if the close
rate improves to 13 to 15% and the
projected Revenue you $800 per month per
client is $1,600 to $2,400 Mr okay
here's the problem he's currently at 30k
a month he's telling me he wants to get
to $ 100K a month by the end of the year
right this is a $70,000 per month
increase if there's 10 months left in
the year that means he needs to sign
$10,000 per month in new business every
month right there's also SDR churn via
them quitting and then firing the other
ones if they have poor performance so in
the actual raw reality of the world for
every four sdrs he hires only one of
them will actually be able to produce
$2,000 per month a new Mr right so if
you want to be adding $10,000 per month
a new Revenue per month you need to hire
four time 5 20 sdrs right and then you
need to keep hiring more to replace
those that self quit so the idea that he
could scale this business by hiring one
SDR per month it's completely backwards
and not how reality works and that's
what I was telling him because he was
saying like I'm going to hire one and
test it out it's like bro the mathematic
of this don't work out if you're only
hiring one in the next month you need to
hire four right now like bare minimum if
you're actually serious about about
increasing your Mr
$70,000 in the next 10 months you can't
hire [__] one bro like you need hire
four immediately right now because you
need to hire 20 to even get to the the
Run rate that you need to sustain over
10 months can't hire one all right so
why am I going in this tangent because
the biggest mistake you will make when
employing this self- liquidation
strategy is by being too much of a [__]
to actually scale to the degree that is
necessary to make any meaningful amount
of money at all that's the number one
mistake here that I see constantly with
even my students like they're pulling
their punches they're being too much of
a [__] to make it even worth it at all
right let me keep going deeper into this
concept this is super super important
for you to understand if risking $5 to
$110,000 per month is too emotionally
taxing on you and what backwards world
do you live in believing that it's
reasonable for you to hit $100,000 per
month your expectations in comparison to
what you're willing to risk is
completely out of line look I want to
make
$100,000 $1.2 million per year but I'm
too scared to risk five grand it's the
most backwards insane expectation of all
time it's like being a four and thinking
that you're going to marry a 10 it
literally doesn't make any sense at all
right so the problem with going too slow
is not really about that you're being a
[__] or you're not trying hard enough
to reach Glory like that's not what it
is like this masculine oh you got to go
harder and hate your life that's not the
angle I'm trying to push on you here
this business is going to take up so
much of your time that if you go so slow
you're going to get burned out from
working so much and not making enough
money right so as a personal anecdote I
have no problem working 40 to 60 hours
per week if I'm taking out at least 50
Grand a month in profit and anything
less than that is not worth it and
ideally it's multiple hundreds of
thousands per month taking out as profit
you're going to spend such a large
segment of your life running this
business making so little money for so
long that you will simply get
discouraged and think it's a waste of
time right so like if you're 25 years
old and we can assume that you gained
full adult sentience in Consciousness at
the age of 18 this is the equivalent of
spending 15% of your entire total
conscious life on something that's just
so completely uselessly slow you need to
move faster not because of Glory or
looking like a man but because anything
else is career suicide and your
self-esteem is going to continuously
plummet to the point where you quit it's
just too slow like you're you only have
so long of your Adult Career it might be
like 20 years and it's like you're going
to spend a year or two years of it like
a good portion of it dude like maybe 10%
of your entire Adult Career that you
only get a singular time in your life
you would spend here [__] around
going too slow literally making no money
at all like you can't do that it's too
slow see you're not being serious all
right cool so let's walk through some
projections so if you're running
automated Outreach you should expect to
close one client for every 10,000
messages if this is not the rate you're
hitting it's like it's likely very
likely because you do not have a good
offer rewind this video to make sure you
have a good offer or go to the
hypergrowth tactics playlist on my
channel re-watch the first one the first
video in that playlist to make sure that
you have a good offer so for paid ads
expect your cost per acquisition to be
$1,500 to $2,500 for a onetime payment
offer or setup offer this is important
here if you're trying to sell a retainer
offer on paid ads the CAC is going to be
like $3,000 to $6,000 depending on your
market and how competitive right so so
this is exactly why I steer people setup
offers because because the C is
generally 1/ half to 1/3 of acquiring a
full retainer client offer so if you're
trying to sell a full retainer offer to
cold traffic where it's not low risk not
low commitment your ca is going to be
too high and the cost per call is going
to be too high that you start freaking
the [__] out when you spend $33,000 on
ads and haven't signed a client yet
every single time I see somebody do this
they spend $2,500 on the ads they spend
$3,000 on the ads like I haven't closed
a client yet like this isn't working
they start freaking the [__] out they
turn the ads off cuz they're trying to
sell a high ticket retainer offer that's
not low risk not low commitment and a
competitive offer where they have zero
differentiate that's what you're trying
to do if the CAC is going to be $6,000
and you spend $2500 on ad you start
freaking the [__] out like I don't know
what to tell you like you haven't even
spent the bare minimum amount of money
yet based on what you're trying to sell
that's why I steer people towards
onetime setup offers because in the
marketing you get to say onetime payment
the specific phase onetime payment
literally shoots the CAC down by like
[__] half to a third this is what I'm
trying to do and the reason I do that is
specifically so that you don't freak the
[__] out when you spend money you see
what I mean that's literally why you do
it all right cool so for Content
marketing commit to at least 6 months
before expecting significant results but
add a lead magnet to every piece of
content we're seeing like 20 to 30%
optim rates on YouTube videos with the
right lead magnets it's actually pretty
insane so warm traffic only for lead
magnets all right so key Point match
your acquis ition strategy to your
resources right don't try to run paid
ads if you can't afford $6,000 in
testing you see what I mean if losing
$66,000 to you is like catastrophically
like complete emotional turmoil don't do
it it's literally completely useless to
start running ads if this is a lot of
money to you you see what I mean don't
rely on content if you need clients this
month right cuz content's slow and then
don't expect cold Outreach to work if
you're not going to dedicate 20 hours
per week to it it's really simple just
match the acquisition strategy to your
resources right so you you spend either
time or money but it's got to be at
least one of them right there's no free
clients they always have to be purchased
via money or via time all right cool
part four it's how to execute operation
hyperscale let's talk about turning your
self-liquidating front-end offer into a
sustainable growth model front end
acquisition paid ads driving to vsl
funnel with the application strict
qualification so we're qualifying them
based on Revenue budget and ability to
pay it's initial setup offer that covers
the acquisition cost right then
fulfillment optimization right on your
fulfillment side side you need lowcost
delivery through systems in AI you
really need to start leveraging AI I had
a client he was spending
$500 per YouTube script start doing AI
it's like [__] 20 you see what I mean
like it like cannot afford to be
overspending on your fulfillment team
like it's completely ridiculous the
amount of money some of you guys spend
on fulfillment it's it's actually insane
like you're getting completely screwed
by some of the people you've hired all
right cool clear scope boundaries to
prevent scope creep with the clients and
then 50% of your team's compensation
needs to be tied to Output metrics
absolutely nobody is on a 100% fixed
salary not a single person in our team
across every singular Department like 40
something people not even one is on a
100% fixed salary 50 at least 50% of
their compensation is tied directly to
Output why do you do that because if you
pay people fix salaries they do the bare
[__] minimum you see what I mean but
if they get paid based on their output
they magically start outputting more
it's crazy really insane concept but it
works all right cool so Revenue
expansion monthly subscriptions cross-
selling additional Services super
important and we're gonna we're we're
going to dive super deep into this in a
second this this is literally completely
integral to making this work right so
increasing prices over time as you add
more value and then creating new offers
and reoffering every person who knows of
you in existence important so here's
what this looks like in practice we have
$2,100 startup fee and then
subscriptions ring from 600 to 6,000 a
month the set of fee covers the
acquisition cost the monthly
subscription is all profit right we sign
5 to 10 clients per day even at our
scale we're still just barely profitable
in month one but by month six we're
making substantial profit right okay
cool so if you spend $11,000 a day on
ads with a $500 cost per qualified
showed up call with a 25% close rate
you'll have two live calls per day
that's two to three new clients per week
this means your CAC is $2,000 if you
have a $3,000 setup fee minus 500
fulfillment cost and then the sales
commissions you pay for a closer you
self- liquidate you've made $0
congratulations you self liquidated okay
so do this for one month and you've
acquired 8 to 12 clients let's say the
subscription cost is $500 per month on
each of these clients this means by
month two you now have $4,000 to $6,000
in Mr assume your fulfillment cost is
30% leaving you with a 70% margin
meaning you're profiting $
22800 to $4,200 in month two okay let's
model this out if you want to make
$50,000 per month in profit from here at
this exact moment you you have two
available options option one continue
doing exactly this for 17 straight
months or raise your ad spend to $5,000
per day and do it in 3.4 months instead
right like this this is what I'm getting
at before when I was talking about like
you're going too [__] slow like are
you going to sit here and do this for a
year and a half straight just to make 50
Grand a month in profit or are you going
to not be an absolute [__] [__] and
just raise the ad budget 5X do it in 3.4
months instead it's really quite simple
you see what I mean so the important
thing to understand here is the profit
curve so the early months are lean you
might not make much or you might even
lose a little but because you've set up
a self-liquidating funnel you're not
going deep into debt you're staying cash
flow neutral while building an asset
that pays off exponentially over time so
this is sustainable growth it's not it's
not depending on you taking out loans or
reinvesting every dollar it's a system
that pays for itself and then generates
profit automatically so you put the ad
spend on a credit card the credit card
bill is due every 30 days so you don't
pay interest however you collect all the
self-liquidating cash from the clients
immediately then you immediately pay off
the credit card you have acquired paying
customers for $ Z negative cash flow
it's free customers right so this this
this is a Google sheet modeling this out
let's go over this so again what we had
here the same numbers $11,000 A Day In
AD spend and then what you're seeing
here 3 months profit 6 month profit onee
profit setup offer price $2,500 retainer
price is $500 this is assuming forced
retainer so it's 100% upsell rate the
time the time to ascend is 4 weeks cuz
after the setup fee four exactly four
weeks later they will get a subscription
charge cost per qualified call is $300
show up already is 60% which leaves us
with a $500 cost per live call your
close rate per on the live calls is
$2500 which means your CAC is $2,000
your daily ad spend is $11,000 which
means you have two live calls per day
3.5 closes per week fulfillment cost on
the on the St is $500 your retainer
offer profit Marg 7% no this is what
this model is out to be if you spend
$1,000 a day on ads it's going to take
you over the course of three months you
make 11 Grand in profit that's [__]
poverty it's literally poverty it's like
three grand a month see what I mean
however it does get better over time at
this same level of AD spend so like over
6 months it's $64,000 a month of profit
so that's like you you you you you
eventually realize over the course of
that amount of time about $10,000 a
month of profit and then one year profit
is 360 Grand however if you want to make
just absolutely insane amounts of money
if you just take this daily ad spend
number from $11,000 to $5,000 your
one-ear profit goes from
$360,000 per month to 1.8 million and if
you scoot on over here and you look at
these profit curves you can see that it
accelerates over time you see what I
mean and that's the point is sticking to
this model being consistent with it for
a long time while balancing actually
increasing the budgets over time so that
you make an absolutely insane amount of
money this is what I'm just trying to
get at here I'm just trying to steer you
away from the concept of going way too
slow to realize any amount of money at
all cuz like let's say you start ads at
$200 a day which is like it's it's it's
just not a lot what this does is
three-month profit is $2,200 takes you
three months to get $2,200 in profit
total and then one it takes you one year
to have
$72,000 in profit it's it's so slow BR
like dude that's poverty it's it's
literal poverty like you can't you can't
spend you can't only risk $200 a day
it's not enough that's six that's six
grand a month you you have to do more
like you you really just do bump it bump
it up to a th000 and like ,000 a day is
where you even start to see anything
meaningful at all that even makes you
have good self-esteem and like feel like
you're even realizing success you see
what I mean like what you guys are
trying to do like so much of this is and
then some people think it's okay to do
like $50 a day and then you that's only
$18,000 in profit for the whole year
it's it's just so unreasonable for you
to think it's okay to do that it's not
it's really not okay you're going to
quit the business like your your risk
tolerance is so low that it actually
destroys you it's literally safer to
have a higher risk tolerance this is so
important for you to understand all
right cool so this entire model Tire
modeling is a problem with everybody who
thinks spending $50 a day on ads it's
okay it's not okay it's too slow you're
running a failing business it's
literally completely useless to run the
company at all at that scale either
scale it or shut it down like really so
now this is part two
of executing hypers scale I want to show
you this diagram here if you're just
listening to this right now this video
in the background like just just open up
YouTube again and and look at this
diagram this is super important for you
to see so what we have here is six green
boxes and these represent six individual
offers offer one 2 3 four 5 six and each
one has their own type of marketing
channel so offer one meta ads offer two
is organic offer 3's ads one over here
can be cold Outreach and you have a [__]
ton of different offers now let's let's
walk through a little practice here say
you sign 100 clients from ads in one
offer right and then some percent of
those clients stay on for a year and
then some per of those clients churn but
ended up being down sold to some other
offer to stop them from fully churning
right and then another percent fully
churn but then they started getting ads
for some of the other offers and they
they ended up buying one of those offers
and then you had a a low priced offer
that was selling to to a c traffic and
then they got upsell by the customer
success team to a higher tier offer and
then older clients saw you launched
another offer and then ended up buying
that as well while they're already
clients on another offer so now they're
not only on one offer they actually have
a second offer from you and then this
cycle repeats infinitely and an
interweaving in in cohesive fashion so
what I'm trying to get at here is what
I'm trying to explain to you is that you
self liquidate on one offer and then you
make all of the profit by via the
continuation on that offer as a
subscription or by upselling or cross-
selling or downselling them onto another
offer and then that same offer can also
be self liquid dating but that offer
also has continuation and cross- selling
and upselling and down selling
components to all of the other offers
and then you launch another offer that
replicates the same exact thing so so
the more offers you make the better this
system works because every individual
offer could be independently
self-liquidating and your absolute level
of profit will geometrically expand for
every new additional offer you add let
me try to explain it to you like this
every new offer that you make decreases
net revenue churn increases lifetime
value decreases CAC as there's more
optionality increases reactivations
increases net revenue expansion and
increases free cash flow every single
additional offer that you ad does all of
this all at once all simultaneously you
geometrically expand your profit as you
add more offers this is the number one
thing you have to understand if you make
a [__] ton of offers and you have six
offers it is wildly and profusely easy
to make geometrically more money as
opposed to just having the one
continuation offer it's insane this is
hyperscale you see what I mean that
that's what hyperscale is generally what
you want to do is you get one offer to
about 80 grand a month and then you laun
another offer get that one to 80 grand a
month then you launch the next one get
that to at least 80 80 grand a month and
then all the previous offers are
continuously going high higher than 80
grand and you just stack all these
offers together and each one you launch
is easier to get to 80 grand a month
because you already have you've already
been self- liquidating and all the other
offers so it's super easy as [__] to get
all of the people who are already buyers
to already buy it it's insane this is
Operation hyperscale you see what I mean
so quick visual of this offer one and
offer two or self-liquidating so it's $0
profit which they all lead into your
pool of acquired paying customers and
then you launch another offer and some
percent of those people in the acquired
customer pool buy it so bam $2,000 for
each one and then you launch another
offer that's a $2,500 offer and then
some per of the acquired paying
customers pool buys that and now you get
$2,500 from them you see what I mean
it's just profuse geometric expansion of
profit as you have a [__] ton of offers
it's actually legitimately insane how
well this works if you execute this
properly and you just stick with this
whole thing for 6 Months 8 months a year
18 months 2 years 3 years 4 years it's
legitimately insane how much money you
make by doing this see what I mean so
let's go let's walk through some common
pitfalls and how to avoid them so
Pitfall number one not qualifying
prospects on ads this is all integral
pitfalls like you really need to
understand if if you're actually serious
about executing this strategy so if
you're running ads without strict
qualification you'll waste thousands on
Tire kickers who will never buy so you
need to use a type form before your
calendar that asks what's your current
Revenue can you afford our service while
stating the price reject people who
don't qualify would you rather have 50
calls with unqualified leads or five
calls with qualified buyers the math is
obvious only want the qualified people
and specifically you want to stop
training the pixel on poor people who
don't have budget see what I mean
Pitfall number two trying to do
everything all at once unless you have a
team you need to focus on one Revenue
stream until it's systematized you build
the team for it out and get it
consistently self- liquidated building
something out for scale takes
considerably more effort and mental B
bandwidth than you believe pick one
marketing channel at a time and one
front end offer at a time take the time
to diligently build out the system and
keep going even when you're bored of it
remove yourself from fulfillment as fast
as possible get it to 80 grand a month
systematize it with the team remove
yourself from fulfillment then build the
next one all right Pitfall number three
raising prices too quickly several
people in our calls make this mistake
they went from 5K offer to a 10K offer
overnight and they saw their Clos rates
plummet you want to increase prices
gradually like 10 20% at a time and then
track the impact on close rate if
raising prices impacts Clos rate too
much that it results in you not
self-liquidating anymore you need to
stop and put the price back to the level
that itself liquidates always be
tracking how literally every single
thing you change impacts CAC you need to
self- liquidate if you stop
self-liquidating you in emergency
territory you can't do that pitfall
number four leverage guarantees
correctly right if adding a guarantee to
your offer substantially lowers cost per
cuse and substantially increases close
rates with a refund rate that is not
high then keep the guarantee if removing
a guarantee results in your ca being too
high to not self- liquidate or reduces
your LTV too substantially then don't
remove it right play with this variable
as a tool to influence CA if you change
something you need to track how is this
impacting CAC and LTV am I still
self-liquidating or not you need to 100%
of the time be self-liquidating if you
stop self-liquidating you in emergency
territory you have to self liquidate see
what I mean you cannot acquire customers
at negative cash flow because then your
growth rate stops it starts to go down
you start losing profit you see what I
mean it's it's very important that you
are tracking everything like a complete
psychopath you need to make sure that
you're self liquidating Pitfall number
five not creating additional offers so
again I I just want to reiterate this
the entire purpose of this strategy is
to generate buyers right AKA people who
actually spend money which are the same
people who continue to keep spending
money therefore you need to keep selling
them additional stuff additional
Services higher tier packages expanded
scope performance bonuses more offers
without this your LTV stays flat and
your growth hits a ceiling this
literally is how you make the profit in
the company is by LTV expansion that's
how all of the money is made on this in
the first place you see what I mean so
here's a startup checklist so wrapping
this up let me give you a clear action
plan right audit your current numbers
what's your customer acquisition cost
free marketing is acquisition cost right
it takes time to produce content there's
people required to edit and do whatever
with it cold Outreach takes time you see
what I mean the software costs like
actually audit this what what's your
what what's your customer acquisition
cost what's the average first purchase
value what's the retention rate model
that out get an LTV calculate if you're
self liquidating or not calculate your
cacta LTV redesign your frontend offer
make it specific tangible and results
focused price it to cover your
acquisition cost add guarantees if you
lack case studies create a vssl a clear
vssl or sales script see what I mean
reveal pricing if you're a B2B offer
Focus your marketing pick one channel
and master it Implement strict
qualifications stop talking to
unqualified people with no money they're
not buyers track your metrics
obsessively don't add a new channel
until you've mastered one build
expansion offers map out your customer
Journey create upsell and cross sells
add recurring elements where possible
increase prices as you add more value
and track how it impa impacts C so you
don't implode your strategy then
systematize your fulfillment document
your process use AI in automation
Implement output based compensation
gradually remove yourself from delivery
this is not theoretical like I just want
I just want to reiterate this this is
this is not a theoretical thing this is
exactly how we hit 1.1 million in a
month doing this whole strategy for like
a really long time this is how we did it
right this works with every Niche on the
planet there's absolutely zero of you
watching this video right now where the
strategy does not apply to you it's
simple mathematics it really is and I
will help you build this strategy
directly if you want help on that so if
you make more than $30,000 per month in
your business we will personally help
you build your offer funnel vssl ads
sales team fulfillment team with you we
have a brand new offer called Olympia
Olympia is specifically for people who
want my oneon-one help you're going to
be talking to me directly a lot
one-on-one calls you get two one-on-one
calls a month there's a group with a
bunch of other people who are making 100
200 500 Grand a month plus inside of
Olympia going to help you build all this
out one one your offer funnel vssl ads
building your sales team your
fulfillment team optimizing everything
making sure you're self- liquidating
building out all the additional offers
executing operation hypers scale it's a
brand new offer we've already helped
three people add more than a 100 Grand a
month to their business and at least
five have added 50 Grand Grand a month
so far just so far and this offer is
only a couple months old so it's priced
way lower right now than it's going to
be over the next couple months as I keep
adding case studies I'm already posting
them you're probably seeing them come
out on my channel gradually if you're
interested in learning more and joining
the link to Olympia is in the
description book a call with us and we
will go through your funnel and your
strategy directly with you it's not like
a hard sales call can we actually build
a strategy that would let you scale this
this is personally my best offer we
we've ever ever made with the highest
success rate we've ever seen it's
actually the best offer we've ever made
so if you want to execute operation
hyperscale I would encourage you to
rewatch this video or go to join
olympia. if you got any value from this
please it would help a lot if you
subscribe leave a comment like the video
share it with people in your network cuz
I'll keep making these hourlong videos
all right that's it for me today I love
you peace